Edits to FAQs and Refs (#937)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-cli-flags.md

id: "global-cli-flags"
---

dbt commands, such as `run` or `test`, support their own command-specific CLI flags. In addition, the dbt command itself supports "global" flags applicable to *all* subcommands.

> As of v1.0, the vast majority of global CLI flags map to [global configs](global-configs), which can also be configured via environment variables or in the `dbt_project.yml`.

Author: @jtcohen6 Should this be `profiles.yml` not dbt_project.yml?

Reviewer: Yes, it should be `profiles.yml`! Good catch

> As of v1.0, the vast majority of global CLI flags map to [global configs](global-configs), which can also be configured via environment variables or in the `dbt_project.yml`.

Author: ```suggestion
As of v1.0, the vast majority of global CLI flags map to [global configs](global-configs), which can also be configured via environment variables or in the `profiles.yml`.
```
